Update MDX document (#33916)
vercel/next.js: docs/advanced-features/using-mdx.md

     options: {
       remarkPlugins: [],
       rehypePlugins: [],

>        // If you use `MDXProvider`, comment in the following line.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       // If you use `MDXProvider`, uncomment the following line.
```
